take a look at how to import static
assets so let's just create new
directory in our project we're going to
use the following pass Source assets IMG
and here we're going to move our image
javascript. SVG and now let's try to
impert this image in our main Javascript
file so I'm going to add import
statement and let's just reference that
file that was previously moved within
IMG folder with the name javascript. SVG
and just to see how V is going to handle
such image import we're going to print
value of this image URL variable in a
console and as we can see VD has given
us full pass to that image so when our
browser requested our main JavaScript
file we see that the import of our image
was transformed a little bit by adding
import query parameter to the end of
this pass and once browser has made
another request to fetch this file we
can see that VD has given us valid
ecmascript module with the default
expert which points to that image in our
project so basically thisas module
returns pass to their exported image and
of course that pass was assigned to
image URL variable which we have printed
in a console and now we can do with this
pass whatever we like for example let's
add new Element image into our HTML file
with an IDE of image and then from the
JavaScript code we're going to get an
image by using get element by ID method
and then we can assign that pass to
Source attribute so the image will be
displayed in the browser and as we can
see it worked and in a browser def tools
Source attribute contains pass of the
exported image and of course that image
is shown on the page so once again when
we have imported our image in the main
Javascript file the pass to this image
was saved into image URL variable and
then we used this variable to assign to
Source attribute of image element and
this way image was displayed on the page
and besides importing images like this
we can also import other file types for
example Json file let's try an example
here I'm going to import Json file from
the assets folder and within this space
I'm also going to include URL query Pam
like so and now let's see what this Pam
URL is used for we're going to print
this URL in a console switch over to the
browser and right here when our browser
has requested Json file by the following
address instead of experting Json object
as we have seen in one of the previous
lessons by adding URL query R to this
pass V has transformed exported Json
file into valid masri module with the
default expert which actually points to
imported file but what if while
importing images we can receive content
of an image instead of the pass to this
image so in such cases we can use
another query param called row like so
and in this case instead of giving us
URL to this image within image URL
variable V will return the content of
the file J javascript. SV and we can see
this content was printed in a console so
in terms of Transformations if we take a
look at javascript. SVG request here we
see that the vid has transformed the
request at file pass into valid excript
module where default expert is the whole
content of this image so in this lesson
we have taken a look how to import
static assets such as images into
JavaScript files and additionally we
have also taken a look at a few Cod
parameters we can use while importing
static assets such as URL and row in the